docs: fix broken links (#217)
oras-project/oras-www: docs/index.mdx

To enable this goal, the ORAS project provides a way to
push and pull OCI Artifacts to and from OCI Registries.

> Users seeking a generic registry client can benefit from the [ORAS CLI](./installation.mdx), while

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Users seeking a generic registry client can benefit from the [ORAS CLI](./how_to_guides/installation), while
```

Authors of new OCI Artifacts are thus encouraged to define their own media types specific to
their artifact, which their custom client(s) know how to operate on.

> If you wish to start publishing OCI Artifacts right away, take a look at the [ORAS CLI](./installation.mdx).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you wish to start publishing OCI Artifacts right away, take a look at the [ORAS CLI](./how_to_guides/installation).
```
